---
title: '"Paradise"'
categories:
- The-18th-Expedition
---

Again, I am flanked by one side with a *Fall Festival* candle that flickers its light across my keyboard and a warm cup of broth on the other. The welcoming broth is brought to me by the entire chicken.

I'm on Day 58 of carnivore and continue to feel fantastic.  I miss my striking routine as that was once a daily regimen for me through October into January until I dropped it down to three times a week and now; I hope this elbow mends quickly!

I'm in my second week of my forked C25K program. I'm having early success in its run/walk formulation.  However, before Feb 11, I hope to drop some serious weight—like under 200 lbs serious—before I run the first non-stop session of 20 minutes. And while I don't think I possess that kind of magic to whip up in 23 days, I'll most likely be 8 lbs lighter...and at the end of the day, as I don't weigh in until Feb 25, it's all experiential anyway. 

Will I adjust my program if I'm too heavy?  It's a bit of a jump to go from one day an 8 minutes to the next session of 20—unless the logic is if a guy can run for 5 minutes, he can run 20.  Oh, how I miss those days when running was the same as walking!  But even then, I had to go out and get it!  But yes, if I remain too heavy to do it well, I'll pull back and work my way up.  

That said, the bigger showstopper is simply outside of my control.  I have **ABSOLUTELY NO interest** in running *virtual* anything.  If I'm running imaginary things, I might as well have Puff the Magic Dragon galloping next to me across strawberry fields forever as I smash through Alice's looking glass onto Deep Space Nine to grab an ale at Quark's with The Witcher and Jason Bourne. 

I've had my fill of visualizations and imaginations;  I want it all.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/6nek1Nin9q48AVZcWs9e9D" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>

