---
title: "\"Crazy...And Through a Fracture on That Breaking Wall\""
categories:
- The-18th-Expedition
---

Have I said how I'm dissatisfied with all the negative causality that could be associated to future workouts?  Back in January, I was a star shooting across the deep of the night sky.  And now, I feel...*ordinary* as I cling to what remains.  It's really NO way of building a larger-than-life 2021.  I cannot lose my mindset even in a sore and tight context.

But, what good is it to dwell on what I cannot do? Instead, I consider what I can do and dream upon the months that are ahead.   While I once wrote how I would return to Facebook on February 25, I may push it back another 6 weeks.  Somehow, I thought the world would be a different place by then, though I might have held loftier expectations, when clearly, the world just takes underwhelming positions.  It's not that I'm stroking the fire of perfectionism, a context where I'm on fire and inviting all the thrillseekers to join me on a rollercoaster of new heights, no, I don't have all of the answers or the best of vision or the capacity to play error-free life.

I want to return to social media as the spring breeze gently caresses our faces.  I do not want to emerge from the wilderness in the grasp of winter.  I suspect the world is indifferent (isn't that its modus operandi), but I see my return not as an end goal, but a beginning, a beginning of what I really do long for, to Restore, Retrofit and Retrowave together! I've gotta get back into my training rhythm to have the frame of mind I need; I've gotta get back to working the bag over in my striking regimen; I've gotta feel ALIVE!

I've simply lost too much to the world.  And I'm coming to get it back. I feel it coming.  As it has been sung:

> I'm running out of time    
> 'Cause I can see the sun light up the sky    
> So I hit the road in overdrive...    
> ...The city's cold and empty     

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/6Vz7vzOpCwKeSQlfViibuY" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
