---
title: "\"Überlin:\""
categories:
- The-18th-Expedition
---


A 7 AM Tennessee morning with a 4° F engulfed my mind with memories of Alaska. Not everything is the same, of course: I bought a coat on a ferry layover at a Walmart in Ketchikan and left it behind when I moved out with a flight out of Anchorage. I haven't had a need for a coat in Tennessee for years...not since being a kid and waiting for a never-timely school bus.

But, I suspect this is but a blimp on the screen, it is not my existence for the months that lie ahead. No, I see what will be in the future...


LastPass sent an email my way basically playing the hostage game with my data, the typical, lousy Internet model of that which was once freely given for years now requires payment with no added benefit. Yeah, my data on their server doesn't even need an entire 5 1/4 inch floppy and now they want me to pay $36/year for its hosting? Didn't I just say just yesterday I don't pay more than $25/year for my ENTIRE website setup? As it is, the service is just a convenience as I could just keep a unique password in my head for every site—it's not that hard, just use a base password with character funzies that shifts position according to the first letter of the website and use a description/modifier of your experience/context...you could think in pictures to store it in your head.  

At any rate, while I've used LastPass since…well, I suppose for the last 12 years, I'm out. I jumped aboard [BitWarden](https://bitwarden.com) today.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/0vyQzGo4ZhrOvp0zMkpyLP" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>

