---
title: "Underworld (2003)"
categories:
- The-2nd-Expedition
---

While visually appealing, I guess we don't watch Underworld for the dialogue.  Then there's the one-note angry eyebrows guy who is the cinematic equivalent of nails on a chalkboard.  That said, I do love films with an agile heroine, movies like this Underworld series, Resident Evil, various Scarlett Johansson movies, etc.  And when I'm working out with my cardio in the morning, I really do need an action flick from some genre.  If it gets slow, the clock's second hand gets caught in the mire.

I may have resolved my fatigue issue with my mornings.  It wasn't a problem this morning (though my aching left foot resurfaced).  I was able to sling out the sweat like I normally do.  While I eliminated my typical later day cardio, I replaced it with a light cardio through most of the day to increase my metabolism along with a MTRF resistance lunch regimen. I'm also upping the cardio challenge by removing the bike from the mornings, and will rely strictly on full bodyweight, namely the elliptical and the treadmill, the latter as various angles exacerbates my foot if I already put an hour-and-a-half on the elliptical.  I got around it this morning by upping the speeding and putting it at -1%.  So while I am doing less, I am going to do much more

While whatever winds up on the scale is ultimately out of my control, I fully intend to smash my previous result.  I'm looking to beat it from a percentage perspective, since that's fair, though if I can beat it outright by lbs, that would just be extra awesome blossom.  That said, my diet is not fundamentally different than the First Expedition, though I'm hoping the coffee addition will boost metabolism.  While exercise is integral, diet is critical. And if the diet isn't all that different, I fear the results may be...clearly the same.  Those results were good, of course, and have led to a stronger cardio regimen.  I just want...more.