---
title: "World War Z (2013)"
categories:
- The-2nd-Expedition
---


This hour marks the end of another workout week, sans the 2 ½ hour John Deere ride ahead.

I couldn't quite tap into the same fervor for my start at 4AM as I did yesterday, but I closed it out much stronger with a 10-min ride on the bike with it set on its maximum settings for about half the time immediately followed by a 2-minute sprint on the elliptical to close out to 6AM.

For the second day in a row, I woke up at 3AM for my reading.  Currently, I'm in R.C. Sproul's Everyone's a Theologian: An Introduction to Systematic Theology.  I may follow it with Grudem's text.  I absolutely LOVE the time 3AM allows me to read unfettered.  I'll steep a cup of Darjeeling and flip all of my switches to on.   Previously, I've been trying to read merely 30 pages a day by squeezing them into open gaps of the day—it's been challenging.  Now, I can blow the doors off that.

That said, considering its success and my desire for more: a devotional, scripture, prayer, and my reading list, I'm leaning heavily toward creating a 3-4:55AM schedule, thereby investing elsewhere my first hour of cardio.  Considering that I woke up at 4AM to train for the past 11 weeks and have done so six days a week, it would be a shift.  While I have loved that 2-hour window, for the past three weeks I've worked out M-F at lunch for an hour, thereby making it 3 hours a day.  At what point does diminishing returns come into play?  What do I gain for that 3rd hour?  Is it more valuable than what I could gain by adding a 2nd hour to my time with God?

You see, I want the change within to outpace my outer experience, for the body is led by the soul.  Again, I return to the Sermon on the Mount: "For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also (Matthew 6:21, ESV)." Is my treasure merely developing a fallen body that will eventually either succumb to entropy or meet some fate akin to a falling anvil?  Or, is my treasure in glorifying God, and enjoying Him forever?  And guess what?  Through glorification, I'll have this body in better shape than any late night TV infomercial could ever render!

Please don't misunderstand me—I'm not going to be a fat blob.  This body is important.  Hence why I've got 66 workout days straight of 2-hour mornings.