---
title: "GOOG Cutting"
categories:
- The-2nd-Expedition
---

Perhaps it is a bit over-the-top to compare Google, or more correctly said, the umbrella corporation of the Alphabet Conglomerate (seriously), to Resident Evil‘s The Umbrella Corporation—as far as I know, they are not developing biotech to rid the world of the powerless—they aren't, are they?  Nevertheless, like Alice, I'm done with them....inasmuch as I can be by getting rid of my account with its storage in Google Drive; the phone number with Google Hangout; the apps with Docs, Sheets, Notes, and Slides; my music backup with Google Play Music; the photos with Google Photos; the synced bookmarks with Google Chrome; the browser with Google Chrome; and no doubt more that doesn't come to mind...oh!—email.  Yeah, clearly. I'm entering the phase of my training where I'm even more disconnected.  Yes, I guess like the roving zombies of the Resident Evil universe, I cannot get rid of them entirely...there is YouTube—remember when they were their own? Of course, there's the search engine, the AltaVista of today, and I don't necessarily mind transitioning to DuckDuckGo.  Oh yeah, I now no longer have access to a Google API, so I had to go through EVERY post I posted a YouTube clip to remove an EmbedYT shortcode—I've posted a lot of trailers!

I just don't want Google so entrenched in my life...the Chromecast stuck to my TV, the Chromebook on my lap.  It's a wonder there's not a Google Crawler literally on my lawn, mowing down the grass.

Speaking of my yard, I've chosen to not cut most of my yard, but will just leave a walking trails.  I still will be cutting 2+ acres, but I don't know what rationale I have to cut that which has no application. It's not like my cutting will keep the varmints away as the immediate woods has its share, or the tall grasses on the property that I've previously abandoned.  I'll be happy to dissuade the groundhogs from hanging out underneath the back porch or the armadillo ninja that keeps digging up holes.

I'm still indecisive if I should give up my first hour of my workout to read.  Simply, I'm shredding the weight and I don't want to lose the momentum. And I won't ignore that I may be unduly influenced by a long week of working out—3 hours a day of training has a lot of bang. Still, I can't ignore the benefits of that quiet time...well, I don't want make any huge changes in the The Second Expedition.  I'm entering its 6th and final week.  I can consider it as part of The Third Expedition, since I have been wanting to do a general shift toward something...different.  The Second Expedition was all about increasing the intensity and adding further cardio in comparison to The First Expedition.  The Third...it shall be unveiled.