---
title: "X-Men (2000)"
categories:
- The-2nd-Expedition
---

This morning was another good round of cardio.  I slogged out of bed this morning, so I chose to warmup on the bike for 5 minutes before I hopped atop the incline treadmill.  Somewhere around the halfway mark as I felt a little ache in my foot, I came off the treadmill and cranked up the bike to match the same intensity for 10 minutes. After that, I finished the movie on the treadmill.  As the credits rolled, I still had 8 minutes or so before 6am, so churned hard on the bike to the end.

In reference to my last post, I'm still considering how I should fire things up for weeks 2-6.  I wouldn't be opposed to waking up a half-hour earlier to 3:30AM to start cardio earlier, though it would eat into my 8-hour allotment for sleep.  I'd also like to add opportunities for cardio during the day and into the evening.  Since my intermittent fasting shuts eating down by 2:30pm, workouts are a great meal replacement.

But for now, one of my larger challenges is further developing my legs conditioning, The biggest factor that shuts me down—or at just redirects me, is "something's amiss" aches.  I'm hoping those will subside as my bodyweight continues to plummet.

I feel like I'm having some real success in approaching my workouts this way.  While I do enjoy having resistance training in my regimen, there is far too many rest stops with that sort of thing, and again, the research gives a nod to cardio for fat loss.  There will come a time for it, and I look forward to it.  I'm already visualizing my time on a power tower.  I hope to build a rockin' bodyweight program.

In the meantime, I gotta tear down this effigy that took years to build of a guy who drove through Nacho Nights.