---
title: "I Am Legend (2007)"
categories:
- The-2nd-Expedition
---

As it has been said, "Butterfly in the sky, I can go twice as high. Take a look, it's in a book, a Reading Rainbow! I can go anywhere. Friends to know, and ways to grow. A Reading Rainbow!"

I'm excited about this newfound fervor with reading.  I suppose it never left, but it tended to get lost in the shuffle of life.  For that matter, it's challenging to carve out time to do it now.  That being said, I hope Logos's reading planner will change that.  In the past, I used it for some solid success.  The challenge now before me is when exactly I'll do it since I no longer stay up late since I wake up early to workout.

Thus, I'm trying out waking up at 3AM.  In that approach, I can have my morning tea, read for the day, and as my body re-hydrates from its slumber, it gets prepped for the 4AM-6AM workout.  On the downside, it's 50 minutes less sleep, but I think it could be worth the tradeoff.  An hour of high quality reading a day could lend itself to a positive payoff.

Of course, my focus is theology and for good reason: this is the study of eternity.  What good is it to study securities or humanities if they do not lend itself to the big picture?  What good would it to have studied securities pre-18th century?  And it looked nothing like it does today!  Perhaps my bent is shaped by my own IT education:  sure, the general idea hasn't changed, but 90s tech is far from today.  Maybe I should have studied mathematics instead!

No, studying the things of God makes sense:  1) in the short-term, I derive pleasure from it; 2) in the long-term, it's information that I can use and is applicable for the next...well, 10,000 years is just the beginning (Psalm 39:5, Psalm 90:4, 2 Peter 3:8, Titus 1:1-2).  Seriously.  Yes, yes, we live finite lives—what value is it to discipline my mind in...accounting or...you name the focus, if I don't use that knowledge toward eternity?

In essence, it's an application from the Sermon on the Mount:

> Do not lay up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust destroy and where thieves break in and steal, but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust destroys and where thieves do not break in and steal. For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.

So why haven't I always done this?  I'm still dealing with a fallen body.  It's challenging to keep my mind my on the eternal, especially when the shallow things of this world, culture, politics, entertainment—you name it, are like insolent children flinging fits for attention.  And try as I may, I succumb to the fallacy of scarcity. I need reminding of Matthew 6:25-34.