---
title: "The Surge"
categories:
- The-14th-Expedition
---

I'm back in The 14th Expedition!  Didn't I already abandon it?  Wasn't it something that no longer fit into what I'm trying to accomplish? 

Hardly!

I experimented with its removal, despite *The Expeditions'* long-time application—that's a strength of mine, the willingness to bench a starter to see if I've got Tom Brady holding the clipboard.  You don't go from vegan to gnawing on 8 oz of meat a day without it...or do you grab a degree in MIS and go back for seconds with a MA in English...or come to think, does one move from Arminianism to Calvinism. I'm sure there's a litany of other examples in my life.  

So, why do I pick up where I last left The 14th Expedition?  While I *thought* I was ready to stop tracking weigh-ins every six weeks and update macros in line with LBM, I just don't find daily weigh-ins to be beneficial.  

Look at it another way: it's like happiness studies on tracking investments and what I've found to be true:  if you check your securities daily (or hourly), you don't get stoked by their gains in proportion to the gut-wrenching experience of a loss.  However, if you sit back and leave it unmonitored for a month or a year—let's say it's like an ETF or something and not an option—my 1 win to 1 loss is better for my mindspace as compared to the daily buildup.  Sometimes, **knowledge is weakness**.

The way I see The 14th Expedition:

* Weigh-in: September 10.
* Return to a habitual workout.
* Encourage daily activity while being mindful of sedentary tendencies.  *There may be a FitBit return to encourage this behavior.*
* Return to the music construct.  *There's nothing quite like a soundtrack that propels our protagonist and I'm liking YT Music.*
* Make a greater focus on studies. *Instead of my general three genre concept, I'd like to have a laser focus.*

I write so much on how my life can be optimized while completely ignoring the best kind of life!  And to what end?  That is the ultimate question, isn't it?  For everyone will die one day.  And don't let the physicists fool you: we're not coded automatons running simulations.  The universe no more popped out of nowhere than my morning cup of coffee with beans from some 3rd-world country, butter from Ireland, and MCT oil from...I guess some lab...just manifested itself on my table this morning approaching a perfect ratio of satisfaction in java. 

