---
title: "86'"
categories:
- The-14th-Expedition
---

> Though wise men at their end know dark is right,  
> Because their words had forked no lightning they  
> Do not go gentle into that good night.  
>
> -Dylan Thomas


Now a complete week into The 14th Expedition, today starts the 8th week of a keto run.  Unlike the past Expeditions, it is curious that The 13th and 14th Expeditions have not labored as intensely in the gym.  Yes, I turned up the knob these last couple of weeks, but, in comparison to the past, it is just an engine's idling.

This is by design, of course. These past 7 weeks have been about developing my mind and my spirit during this physical transformation.  In these days, I possess greater focus, render faster thoughts, and illustrate an array of colors across the canvas of my creativity.

With my reduced-calorie, vegan/vegetarian diet, there was no parallel—physical success in the short term, absolutely, but, that diet is intrinsically (and woefully) flawed.  A ketogenic diet with its fewer than 30 Total Carbs reinvigorates my soul...I easily feel twenty years younger.  It might as well be 2000, or 1997 for that matter.

Yet, I only begin the 8th week.  I look forward to the end of the **EIGHTEENTH** week: *"Do I fall into the food binge again?"*  I don't see that as a possibility.  That past diet had the power of the will at its core.  This "diet," well, this diet has me stuffed at dinner as I'm looking to scale back!

The trappings of the digital landscape have driven me to scale back my involvement for this digital necrosis's spiny fingers slither across my throat like the ivy on the oak.  I deleted my Goodreads, LibraryThing, Habitica, and Last.fm accounts.  I'm weighing on [moving back to ProtonMail and leaving Google behind](/christopher-cross-sailing/).  I'll likely also migrate over to Linux Mint in a move away from Microsoft after my Windows AI chose to install KB4562900 and drop my trackpad into a vat of molasses. 



