---
title: "Let Go"
categories:
- The-14th-Expedition
---

> It's getting late, we'll get away.  
> We'll fade away, we'll run away from here.  
> And I don't mind to talk it down,  
> And stay away from the clouds.  
> 
> —Kalax, *Let Go*

Yesterday, it was another two-book day for me—translate that as "busy" as rare do I *only* consume audiobooks.  Typically, it's a litany of things, all lined up for me to knock 'em down with the spoken word rabbiting along at 3X speeds.

In Expeditions past, I'd use my workouts as I place to watch movies, like that cache I bought from a closing video rental place, or, I'd use the space to watch so many UFC contests.  And how I still like MMA and its inherent tendency for fortune reversal!

But, these days are something different.  For whatever reason, these days I possess a greater capacity for cognitive consumption—maybe it's always been there, an untapped potential that spans back from days bygone.

During this morning's meditation, I realized that I had been suffering this year with all the mayhem, irrationality, and destruction of this world—that on some level, I had internalized it.  Back on July 14th, I wrote how I had seemingly injured my temporomandibular joint, and even today, there remains a tender place.  The thing is, it's something that is caused by stress, specifically clinching my jaws as I sleep.  Why have I been doing this?  At 22, maybe there might be a reason in context of my Fall 2000 and all the self-destruction thereof, but, at 42?  

During my meditation, it came to me that it is a *good* thing that I've chosen to sign off from the news & social media of the world. But, instead of having a info vacuum in my life, I continue to pour content into the nexus of my soul.  

When it comes to all of these medias, how much of it has anything to do with my practicing my breath?  How much has anything to do with my availability of books?  No, as Paul Simon wrote:

> I get the news I need on the weather report.  
> I can gather all the news I need on the weather report.  
> Hey, I've got nothing to do today, but, smile.  
> Da-n-da-da-n-da-da-n-da-da and here I am.  
> The only living boy in New York.  


