---
title: "Dreams"
categories:
- The-14th-Expedition
---

After the interlude of a night, I return to Windows and my  innovation build.  I did want to move on to Linux Mint, but, if the display is wonky AND my inputs are haywire, then I encounter direction dispersion. 

And that sucks: I spend more time on fixes instead of focus.

On that topic, I feel *good* that I left Habitica, the *sorta-task-sorta-RPG* platform, but fails to meet expectations in both areas.  Its developers are right at the brink of pulling off a wonderful service, but, it's like they stopped developing it after its initial release and haven't had any major upgrades in years—I dunno, maybe a key contributor moved on once it went live.  

As far as MMORPGs go, Habitica's use of four classes fails in comparison to WoW Vanilla's 8 classes (later 12) or before that, EverQuest's 16; Habitica isn't defining a new genre of gaming.  For that matter, the utility of the classes just doesn't offer much.

Habitica is like the seed of a great idea, but, it's not out of beta. While technically proficient, it's a shame the Habitica's developers didn't spend their childhood with text-based RPG gaming, like 1985's *Bard's Tale* so as to host actual adventures instead of status bar boss beatdowns...

I could go on, but lemme shove my geek inclinations aside...

On its core mission, Habitica just doesn't come off that strong as a task management software, especially as it encourages quick-fire resolutions of tasks over thoughtful considerations.  And while I can make it expand past the current day, soon, the clutter from everything hides the things that I actually need to get done.  

So, I'm moving on to Todoist.  While not possessing Habitica's enchanting gamification, Todoist is better organized and its template system is well-conceived and applied...at least that's my initial thoughts on my first day! 