---
title: "Tech, et Tu?"
categories:
- Recovered-2017
---

Awashed by my recent leap into the sea of Logos, I have not had this sort of reading passion in years. As I dig into the resources of the Logos library, I have been finding the need to go beyond its iPad app and employs its full-blown desktop application.  After a brief foray into a virtual machine, I made the decision to return to Windows 7 for the first time in maybe a year?  I have been running Linux Mint 18 for so long that I found little use of Windows.I was hesitant about making the return because of the bandwidth demands in context of Verizon's "new" approach to their Jetpacks, specifically its recent throttling-to-3G speeds after 10 GB antics for their unlimited customers.  I am just glad when God comes to call, I won't have to answer for that shady nonsense.  I mean, can you imagine going to an all-you-can-eat buffet, only to be aghast to find that after the first bite, they pour 3-feet-deep of molasses on the floor and switch your plate out with a teaspoon?

I have never viewed the tech industry as the bastion of honesty.  Recommended specs, hard drive sizing, data mining, cookies, closed source software, wifi sniffing, backdoor deals with the CIA—they are a bunch of charlatans with eyes that flicker for gold coins.  And I got a degree in that?  We were all naive once.

As I write, it is 4:30am.  I spent a good portion of the night configuring a Raspberry Pi 3 as I offload my desktop's DHCP responsibilities to it.   My setup:

1. Jetpack hotspot → Raspberry Pi → Linksys wifi router
2. I have the DHCP servers turned off on the Jetpack and the router of course.  Even at only $35, the hardware on the Raspberry Pi 3 is more than I need, especially as its headless, but, I've got more in store for it.  I like the Pi Hole project, so I may be implementing that down the road.
3. Clearly, I am a technology adopter—and maybe even being my high school's Who's Who of Computer Science in an age when people had beepers, might make me its champion.  But, I don't buy it.  We cannot let it consume us:

May we far look into a stranger's eyes    
To behold our neighbor's soul?    
Nay, we are hooked by eggshell whites    
To hide in our android disguise.    