---
title: "1517"
categories:
- Recovered-2017
---

Shaking in coffee-infused, nervous delight, I am ecstatic! For the *cough, cough* low price of $88.91/m for the next 19 months, I'll be paying off: Logos 7 Reformed Gold library accompanied by its Full Feature Set set along with the list below. It is a WHOLE LOTTA BOOKS!  Sure, I won't read them all, but their interoperability is the kicker:

* Wayne Grudem – Systematic Theology: An Introduction to Biblical Doctrine
* John Piper – A Hunger for God: Desiring God through Fasting and Prayer
* John Piper – Desiring God
* RC Sproul – Chosen by God
* RC Sproul – Essential Truths of the Christian Faith
* RC Sproul – Everyone's a Theologian: An Introduction to Systematic Theology
* RC Sproul – The Holiness of God

Introducing those books and connecting it to "What we hunger for most, we worship" from Piper's A Hunger For God, is a segue to my next project:  a fast that I have found the peace, the faith, and the reasons to pursue.  It does not come out of place of piety—ANYBODY can quit eating, there is no gold star involved; you do it every night until break-fast!  In fact, I implore you to do it beyond the morning.  No, if there is anything good that I do, it all points to God; I am a wretch on my own—there are strong parallels to my life (and likely yours as well) with Cash's cover of "Hurt." Who have I not hurt? What sins have I not committed?

God's choice of me was not based on merit.  I do not deserve grace.  I deserve Hell. But God...chose me for life.  How can I not worship him? "[My heart belongs to you](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMGJ6LW5yYY)."  I have no theological issues with the Problem of Evil, but how does God reconcile his goodness with saving people?  THAT's the question...and just a few minutes spent in the comments section of most Internet posts and you'll find that we, reeking of sin, have NO clue about grace.  Yet, it is simple how he reconciles it, not that I will ever understand it:

> Has the potter no right over the clay, to make out of the same lump one vessel for honorable use and another for dishonorable use? What if God, desiring to show his wrath and to make known his power, has endured with much patience vessels of wrath prepared for destruction, in order to make known the riches of his glory for vessels of mercy, which he has prepared beforehand for glory— even us whom he has called, not from the Jews only but also from the Gentiles?
> 
> As indeed he says in Hosea,"Those who were not my people I will call ‘my people,' and her who was not beloved I will call ‘beloved.'"
> 
> Romans 9:21-25, ESV