---
title: "Change"
categories:
- Recovered-2002
---

> This ain't a song for the broken-hearted    
> No silent prayer for the faith-departed    
> I ain't gonna be just a face in the crowd    
> You're gonna hear my voice    
> When I shout it out loud    
> ...    
> It's my life    
> It's now or never    
> I ain't gonna live forever    
> I just want to live while I'm alive    
>     
> -Bon Jovi

How many times does one not engage life and instead, not only does he allow it but is a suitor of the enslavement of arduous times? One may say in soliloquy, "it's too hard" or "I'm not good enough". For whatever reason, one chooses the easier way out and receives his allotted serving of unrecognizable slop from life's apathetic lunch lady.

Is there anything that is sadder than hope deferred? Even with the crushing of hopes, at least there is resolution in the matter, as opposed to placing dreams on the shelf even though one can still choose his heart's desires. Instead, he chooses to be enslaved by the idea that his hopes' fulfillment is too hard to gain.

I feel the winds of change gently push against my brow. It is beneficial to stop from one's bustle, take a look at what surrounds, and file away that one point in time. For soon, life will change. As some leave, others will take their place. The days we are upon will soon be those of golden days of yesteryear. The key is not to let one's hopes be that which is held so tenderly in the past.

I am within a shadowy season of my life in which all exists within a haze. What roads shall I choose within the realms of employment, living, and relationships? I do know that much of life is temporary. My heart yearns for another time and place. In this pursuit, I have taken away overextended feelings towards those who did not deserve such focus for they shall soon fade away into life's haze.