---
title: "Keto Diet: I Choose You; Now, <em>(You Make Me) Rock Hard</em>!"
categories:
- The-16th-Expedition
---

Despite my time spent conditioning at the park yesterday and oddly enough, my foot muscles—downhill gravel trails are a curious thing—I am NOT limping into my (not-so-much) REST day.  I hope to put in more time on my feet today, though outside the walls of my gym as I continue to explore settings for future training.

It's official: I have dumped my retro diet in lieu of a macro-%-focused Keto Diet, one avoids insulin surges more than past implementations; I don't trust "sweet." While a diet beverage can be the occasional treat, sugar-free starters have been benched.  Sorry gelatin (not-so-much-of-a) dessert; it's more like a desert if you ask me!  My diet is all about fat satisfaction, which sounds like it drives through the intersection of Queen and Sir Mix-A-Lot!  

I'd like to dial down my weight as a primary metric for success.  Sure, it still makes its impact, and 91 lbs ago, it was the reason I got started—but was it really?  I had (and still do) the desire for something *better*.  The thing about weight is, well, despite being on point with a diet...

*...I gotta admit, I began to foolishly follow calories again, and despite putting in 2+ hours a day in the gym with cardio...*

...that there are days when the scale remains the same.  It's where it's one of those weird things when in the micro, there are no changes, but for the macro, there's a transformation to the person I visualize.  

I think that's the key.  Sure, scale weight is so easy to measure until our phones are upgraded to tricorders for fat analysis, cardiovascular efficiency and data archival.  Weight is an easy metric to convey and compare.

But, the scale's accuracy is not particularly telling to our state.   And let's face it, not something we can control, but something that our hormones and fat cells regulate.

I like performance-based metrics, things like a running pace, as that sort of thing is in our control and can establish future goals, even if at this time, I don't have enough data. 

And while weight may not be a factor that I can directly control, weightloss is absolutely critical to greater success.  Three minutes on my vertical climber drives that point cleanly home!  Weight loss is just something that *happens*; it's something that eventually lines up with the reality within. 

And through a diet that targets a 70%+ fat intake for energy while minimizing carbs to 5-10%, I'll close out 2020.





