---
title: "Don't Make Speed a Priority <em>Over You</em>."
categories:
- The-16th-Expedition
---

Today, I've been trying out a new workout: sawing without power tools.  By extension, I'm considering a power-free return to woodworking!  Though, I have no idea how to replace a router; but, I shouldn't get ahead of myself.

Right now, I'm just in the process of deconstructing my old deck.  Hopefully, I'll be reclaiming quite the cache of deck boards; the rot and warped will make another fire to gaze across the expanse...

A handsaw does provide more satisfaction to me than does its far faster, powered equivalent, which honestly, comes off to me like I'm just hanging on for the ride, as I fear a sudden kickback; I get covered by sawdust; and I narrowly evade taking a finger off.  My miter saw is a smooth run, but most of the others are a bit like a bucking bronco—at least, that was my immediate reaction to my reciprocating saw today just before I punted the idea.  

I realized, "Hey, I'm under no deadline.  These are the days to search for ways to be active and this deconstruction project is just the thing!"  I work out until fatigue kicks in that might result in misstep onto a nail.  I've approached too much of my life as checked off mileposts instead of breathing in the moment.

Today, I pulled off the railings and scouted out a burn site: this shortcut where the deer like to move through my yard, near where the barn once was, a place where I don't mind the errant nail to be as that whole area has all sorts of tiny bits about and hence why it's overgrown in the first place.  The area is too much work for my electric push mower and too risky to drive my John Deere.

Overall, this is about shaping the things to come.  It's about raising the levels on things I want, and dialing down that that which does not contribute effectively.  It's building up into a New Year's Resolution list that is achievable and thrilling.


