---
title: "I Pounce Toward the Crossing of the <em>Cold</em> Vastness."
categories:
- The-16th-Expedition
---

I'm into Day 3 of a carnivore diet.  It's been remarkably simple: beef, eggs, water and when the mood strikes, a coffee.  I've chosen to use coffee not as prepwork for another day, but just as a sidenote delight—take it or leave it.  And I just may punt it this season.

It is *good* to leave the artificial sweeteners behind.   Yeah, everyone is selling 0 this and 0 that, but on some level, 0 stuff *does* make an impact!  I just don't think we can trick our bodies with mind games.  We can't both experience sweetness in our mind and not in turn react to it, there's gonna be a raise in your blood glucose, thereby a raise in insulin levels and a work stoppage on fat burning. 

I like my diet approach because a) there are real people who have been on it for 10+ years; b) it's remarkably straightforward when something doesn't work for it's easy to figure out; and c) it's how animals eat.  I don't think tigers keep a list of nutrients and ratios to hit, so why should this Memphis Tiger be so technical?  

No medication, no supplements, I just devour 2 or 3 lbs of meat and some eggs.  Come to think of it, it's awfully holistic: pay attention to your appetite—it reminds me of mindfulness training.  We're so...ARTIFICIAL today.  Status updates, downloads, uploads, messaging—MAN, all this reminds me of my former life spent in server rooms!  Where do I contact the folks that store my backup tapes offsite?  It's time for a restore! 

Back on point, today I woke up feeling great from my diet, drawing closer to that oh so lovely equilibrium where power meets agility.  Now THAT is the feeling I want to chase in dieting.  Eat when I'm hungry, stop when I'm full, and drop the weight.

Note:  I did try eating 2 lbs of ground beef for breakfast with no eggs (saved the fat for tonight's omelet) so I could skip lunch, but I just couldn't finish in one sitting.  After all, I'm not following a plan, just a feeling.

It's funny: in the past, I'm sure it would not taking much goading from someone for me to eat 1/2 gallon of [Blue Bell ice cream.](https://www.bluebell.com/)  I TOTALLY could have knocked THAT out in one sitting despite its 2.79 lbs in weight.  But, would I care to eat post-cooked 2.79 lbs of beef? Naw! 




 

