---
title: "<em>In the End</em>, It's More Than About the Weightloss."
categories:
- The-16th-Expedition
---

The days fall off the calendar and leaving only hours before I reach the halfway mark for The 16th Expedition.  While there are some good developments in this stint, I fear the results won't show up on the scale this time.  Despite yesterday's post, I considered punting the whole carnivore approach and returning to my old retro diet, one that I know will work...and yet;  I remember the 808-day adventure.  If a plant-based, low-calorie, high fiber, low net carb approach worked, *it would have worked!*

Yes, did I drop from 331 to 208 on it—YES, absolutely yes.  HOWEVER, did I ultimately go from 208 to 292 in its aftermath?  YES, ABSOLUTELY YES!  Big picture:  it failed to bring me home. I have no interest in the short term.  I want to cross the threshold.

My hesitancy in adopting a meat-based approach is the unknown.  It's a fear:  "eat this, not that" mantra that has been drilled in my head, the "vegetables good / red meat bad" nonsense.

I also fear that the boredom will break me in the Christmas season.  In these past years, I haven't fared well during it.  With this consideration, while I wrote that I was only going to eat this:

* Meat
* Eggs
* Salt and Potassium Chloride
* Butter
* Water

I'm adding transitional options:

1. **Re-opening the lab**: diet drinks and MIO Green Thunder.
2. **Bulletproof Coffee** (MCT oil, Kerrygold butter) It's delightful and I don't see doing this long term, but I want it as a bridge over the upcoming Christmas season.

I'm dropping the three-week trial period and taking this into the new year.  

What I hope to address in the future is my training regimen for the upcoming year.  Right now, my legs are a little jacked up from my newer activity, which basically tells me that I need to add more emphasis on recovery. 

EVENTUALLY, this site is going to be much more about running...perhaps even to **Outrun the Night.**
