---
title: "Step Out"
categories:
- The-15th-Expedition
---

When it comes to adventure, there comes a moment of critical mass leading to its decision point:  do I make the move or not?  Do I remain in the shadows of safety of a world that I know and navigate well, or should I lay that on the line for something that will be different and hopefully *better*?  

If life was like the movies, the answer would be obvious, right?  The hero of the story wins big; sometimes the hero is sacrificed along the way, but it makes sense, and the greater is gained.  People don't pay admission to movies where the hero takes that leap and...falls on his face—The End.  In the real world, grandiose actions of going great distances doesn't get the girl like in *Adventureland* (or in basically every rom-com).  Ben Stiller's protagonist in *The Secret Life of Walter Mitty* would have never left his computer's desktop in reality.

But, we champion those ideals, don't we?  We long to bring that into our own worlds.  We ache! In my own life, I've won some of them, yet lost more than I care to remember.

And it's best that I don't, because who wants that?  It's like the father in Mark Wahlberg's *Invincible*, 
"You know, Vince, it might not be the worst thing to let this one go. A man can only take so much failure." Nobody wants to work from *that* place to flinch at life, stuck in a place where we are either unwilling or unable to move.

Life would be a bore if things just worked out all the time.  We gotta have the pains, the setbacks, the failures, to raise our arms in victory as a champion.

We gotta step out.