---
title: "The Rodentia Challenge Implementation"
categories:
- The-1st-Expedition
---

I've been feeling physically the best I've felt in 13 years; I'm positive and happy. I'm a flash mob dance of one...inasmuch my introvert psychological makeup fails to suppress—oh frak it, I'm all about Billy Idol's Dancing With Myself. It's funny how ramming nutrition down our throats makes us an instant Popeye.

I begin the third week of my nutrition program (and 2nd for training). Now, some might detract from my diet by saying its boring. You know, when I needed food for entertainment, there was something fundamentally flawed with that whole...ugh, stinky stuff, lemme just throw it into the back of my truck and take it to the dump. I'm not saying having tasty food is bad, rather it's the mindset—as if all my life is just a Pac-Man-ian doughnut-driven universe. If hanging out at a Chinese buffet was the point of life, I would actually like butter—yes, I HATE butter...sour cream...cream cheese...lard...mayonaise...and it took until college until mustard didn't give me the creeps; it still can come off a bit like nails on the chalkboard. I've always found eggs largely revolting unless they're overcooked; brown is best. The bridge to veganism is a short walk for me. That said, I love my beef jerky; I am afterall the top 1% with Neanderthal DNA. The Smithsonian got [my portrait](http://humanorigins.si.edu/sites/default/files/styles/full_width/public/images/square/neanderthalensis_JG_Recon_Head_CC_3qtr_lt_sq.jpg?itok%3DOtdk2QtZ&imgrefurl=http://humanorigins.si.edu/evidence/human-fossils/species/homo-neanderthalensis&h=835&w=835&tbnid=V62EopHQ9Jq3RM:&tbnh=186&tbnw=186&usg=__BpTjLxbitVB_ZsxD7vGwLQCkp3w%3D&vet=12ahUKEwjKp8fomL_aAhWN0VMKHdAAB8EQ_B0wFXoFCAAQ2gE..i&docid=F84680hfNplS-M&itg=1&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwjKp8fomL_aAhWN0VMKHdAAB8EQ_B0wFXoFCAAQ2gE) just about right.

I don't know where I'm at on the scale. I'm curious of course as I'm at the 1/3 milemarker before my first weigh-in on the morning of May 14. Honestly, it doesn't matter because it's going to take care of itself. There's no place for it go other than down. Though it once was prime, my focus isn't about a number, but cutting all the fat so I can count my abs...4? 6? 8? Who knows? Check out next________, same Bat-time, same Bat-channel!

I'm now eating vegan of course, but I'm not someone who places the beast atop the creation. I believe in a certain order for nature, and that generally says that there's a place for everything to live and be happy. But, my workshop isn't one of those places. So, I had another mouse contestant fail last night. Now, if he was the one who deftly snagged the peanut butter off my other four mousetraps without tripping the trap, well, lil' Icarus got too cocky. However, I suspect that the weekend's champion reaped his rewards. While I've been using a successful kitchen trash can, as there's been a litany who jump in for funzies with no bait, I'm going to add a 5-gallon bucket to the contest to see what results I can pull off. I might try cooking some carbs like rice and set in the snap traps to see if I can get better results. So far my obstacle course has netted 4 mice in 5 nights (80%) and the snap traps have been 1 in 3 nights (33%)...

...but, it's a new week, and the obstacle course was the first to put points on the board. 1-0.