---
title: '"Back 2 Good"'
categories:
- The-1st-Expedition
---

I'm now into the seventh day of my diet. I feel the best I felt in years—being powered full of nutrients will do that. Unlike fasting where I'm on that ol' friend the scale every morning, I've actively made the decision to wait for the six-week mark. There's no benefit to weigh at this time; any weight loss at this juncture won't motivate me—it can't touch anything I can do in the first week of a fast; it won't be a 20+ lb drop. Clearly, as I have greater expectations, leaping aboard that scale would only be disappointment, DESPITE how AWESOME I feel, so there's a threat it would whittle away at this big momentum. When it comes to fasting, it is like making weight—event driven. I had hoped to grab that aspect and then wrangle it down into what I'm doing now, but that bull threw me. Simply, a consistent offense cannot rely on a hail-mary on every possession. Hence, this diet will rack up more points than my experience with fasting (if we're talking in terms of pounds on a scale).

So, I won't be weighing in tomorrow. I'll be posting that result on May 14.

I feel lighter on my feet, quicker in my action...and younger—listening to country, pop, and alt from the 90s might influence that. I've been doing the early-to-bed, early-to-rise bit which has led to a couple of good things: sleep and gym space.

Sleep. During 2018's fasting, I generally slept between 2-4 hours a night with the occasional 6-hour Saturday night. Mentally, I operate fine on 4-hour nights, but from what I've read, the body requires it for all sorts of wonderful things including weightloss—I know, counterintuitive! "Call now and just for three, easy installments of $29.99, you will learn how to sleep to lose weight!"

My gym. As I've been getting up by 4AM, I've used that time to spend a couple of hours for the past two days to bring my gym back online. I'm blessed to have two garages; while one has served as my woodshop and gym, it never operated well in both capacities. So, I'm clearing up the disarray and will be moving my tools, workbench, and wood stack into the other. ‘Cause there's nothing that can blow up a workout like sawdust.

On the subject of training, I purposely have held back this first week. I felt it wise to not introduce too much change. For me, it's about managing momentum and expectations. As much as my spirit begs to rage into the new system, with experience I know that fire, while awesome when employed, is on a short timer. That said, I'll be introducing a training regimen into this upcoming week for those 4AMs where I'll tap into that unbridled zeal on a micro level.