---
title: "After 3"
categories:
- The-Expeditionary-Prologue
---

In the initial footsteps as I examine a fast, there are times when the prospect of going deep into a fast overwhelms me, as emotionally I grapple with the prospect of not eating, forgetting that the most challenging part of a fast is just the beginning, a time when my will should be the strongest.

Sometime into day 3—definitely by day 4, the challenge of a fast regresses. So, it's not the herculean task of summoning the fervor to go deep, but just enough punch to release off the line of scrimmage.

Superbowl
The Superbowl wrapped up last weekend. It was first game I watched all season for a few reasons, no satellite cable this year, and I have limited patience for 1%'ers who protest injustice—think about that for a moment—much less for 1%'ers who run around in kids clothes who believe it is work what everyone else calls play. Pay me the NFL veteran's minimum of $615,000 and "I'm your huckleberry"—dress me up in Oshkosh and I'll run after a ball for a couple hours on a Sunday afternoon for a quarter of the year.

Not that I hate the NFL: I'm a long time Madden veteran; before that, it was Joe Montana football, John Elway, and a couple of Tecmo Bowls. I'm a Vikings fan who added the Patriots into his lineup during their 2001 Superbowl. Perhaps I should thank the Eagles for destroying the Vikings so I wouldn't have to play out a Buridan's ass scenario between the two.

Overall, I just think I'm growing out of that interest.  Five years ago, I had NFL Rewind for my iPad and I'd watch every NFL game—that's 256 games for the season. I'd probably watch six full-length games each week and the rest were condensed games. But, today? I mean, who has the time to sit on the sidelines when I'd rather just run down my old Big Wheel from 1983 to go cruising on Sunday afternoons for $39k a ride! I'll even bring [a box of monster pops](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/b4/5e/63/b45e63a4b2ecc4ef7e1d57c2786100b0--top---s.jpg) to share!