---
title: "Here's to 2001"
categories:
- Recovered-2004
---

> Now I've been happy lately,    
> Thinking about the good things to come   
> And I believe it could be,   
> Something good has begun   
> 
> Oh I've been smiling lately,   
> Dreaming about the world as one   
> And I believe it could be,   
> Some day it's going to come   
> 
> – Cat Steven, Peace Train

Today marks my three-year anniversary from graduating from the University of Memphis with my Bachelors in Management Information Systems. August 12, 2001 marked laid a line of demarcation between who I was and who I would become. During those days, I distinctly remember embracing the above song by Cat Steven's. I knew that I was amidst a time of change, a transition to a brighter future.

Three years have passed since that time. I made the decision to not enter OCS and pulled away from becoming a Naval Aviator and found myself being drawn to God in a manner of experiencing a Divine love that I had never felt. I could not find a job to match my degree, yet used that time to rediscover Him, at a Christian coffeehouse and even found myself volunteering on Friday nights to work there while being involved in worship on Sunday nights as the one whom displayed the lyrics. I found IT temp work and then a stable, IT position for Germantown Baptist Church. I moved in with a couple of buddies, found a career position at U of M, and moved out. I moved into my own place and found a church that met ideals. I was changed at a Christian leadership conference in Atlanta and fasted for a month a couple months later. I moved out following my father's passage into perfection. I quit U of M, ran off to Europe, ran off to Cornerstone, ran off to Flagstaff, ran off to Savannah, and ran back to Flagstaff.

The above is one approach of giving a brief summary of the last three years for me, though no doubt it is not adequate in sharing such a span of time.

So what is out there before me? I feel as though I am living in that day after graduation, the world before me with a consuming ambition for so much more than my contemporaries.

—

Yesterday, I finished up James Megallas' book, "All the Way to Berlin: A Paratrooper at War in Europe." As a part of the 82nd Airborne, the book is written from the perspective of Lt. Megellas as he and his unit goes through Italy, France, Belgium, and Germany. It is not a book that addresses the grand strategy of World War II, rather, it is a look from the trenches. One of the main themes that I took away from the reading is the importance of true leadership with the ability to lead troops into battle, as opposed to commanders who develop impersonal strategy from the rear end and send others out to fight.

I also began and finished Dan Van Der Vat's "D-Day: The Greatest Invasion- A People's History." Though accompanied with a treasure trove of photographs and illustrations surrounding the events of D-Day, I found the approach the author took to be somewhat lacking. Essentially, it was a collection of troop movements, Montgomery bashing (though deserved), props to Canada's involvement, and brief, personal stories in the margins to match portraits of the common soldier. Overall, it was superficial writing with no real depth, but would make a good coffeetable book.

Currently, I am reading Tom Clancy's nonfiction work, "Every Man a Tiger," a book that seems to be from the perspective of a General Chuck Horner surrounding his life along with the events of the first war with Iraq back in 90-91. This is my first Clancy work that I have read, and I think I would like to adopt some aspects of his writing style.

Upon more practical matters, I am still in the hunt for gainful employment. I noticed a system administrator position with Northern Arizona University is open for 49k/year, but I feel as though if I were to take it, I would be led down a path that I wish not to go down.