---
title: "Updates!"
categories:
- Recovered-2004
---

After a time away, I am back blogging again. On Monday, I flew in from Memphis into Flagstaff by way of Phoenix to wrap up the time I spent with Nic and Alison down in Savannah. I would use this as an opportune time to unfold those activities, but I am working on a new section of my website entitled "travel ‘04" to house pictures and info regarding that time. It will also contain my Europe journal, Cornerstone, and Flagstaff materials. The journal of my Europe travels has been a great task for me to undertake.

So yes, the WorldofBill.com is undergoing a facelift! With the addition of the travel section, I have also made a reading list. I was inspired by Ron Martoia, a pastor from Michigan, which is another fruit from Catalyst '03 for me. I am an avid reader of nonfiction material and I am seeking a way to document the volumes I run across. Considering that I picked up a Flagstaff library card today, I figure that now is a fresh start to embark on such an endeavor.

I currently find myself under a HUGE spiritual attack that nearly knocked me out of the game. I will not go into the particulars, but I do ask for my fellow followers of the Way to call out to Him. My book upon God is its infantile stage of writing and I suspect this is an attempt by the Enemy to thwart the efforts.

Of late, I have been listening to a song by Thousand Foot Krutch entitled "This is a Call." It has powerful lyrics. Feel free to hear the complete song stream at [http://www.thousandfootkrutch.com](http://www.thousandfootkrutch.com)

Unfortunately, I did not take the opportunity to see them at Cornerstone.

In other areas, although I am 1300+ miles away from Memphis, I continue to listen to Highpoint's along with the Loop's messages that are available online. I have also been trying to maintain a few connections with those in Memphis, but I fear that my friends will fade into the past with those others that were once held closely by me. From a meta-perspective, there shall come a day when we will bond again.

Tomorrow, I am planning to see if I can nail down a simple job somewhere that will not interfere with my writing.