---
title: "I Only Do This For the Money"
categories:
- Recovered-2003
---

It looks as though I am on one of my blog writing blitzes again for here's another in just a few days. Perhaps I am motivated to scribe my thoughts because I will reach the milestone of #50 in my next writing. I suppose it could very well be appropriate if I write at some lengths, yet this will be all I shall say upon it for writing about writing something else is just plain silly.

I have further proof to validate that I have geek undertones. This morning, I found myself sitting in my truck and needing to free up a cup holder slot. So, I grabbed an "empty" can, bent in two and had the intentions to use my hand agility to throw it back in the truck bed. As is turns out, I just wound up throwing it right back at myself and the "empty" can wasn't so empty. I found my upper left leg to entwined with a corporate sponsor of Diet Vanilla Coke. Fair enough, perhaps just a fluke I suppose. So, I go to work and though I no longer saw anything, I figured I'd stop by the men's room to remove any possibility of a Coke stain. So, I wadded up a paper towel, drenched it with water, and rubbed it on my upper leg only to realize too late the effects that pertain to drenching that location. Egad! I did what I could to get back to my desk, but the Administrative Building on campus gets a lot of traffic.

Mornings: they really are useless. Give me the night any day.

For whatever reason, that last remark reminded me to take pictures of my new place for the fans of WOB out there. I suppose it might be a part of the fiftieth blog extravaganza! There will be free hot dogs and rides for the kiddies!

I feel as though I just have a... hodge-podge (yes, that will do)... of thoughts this morning. I have no great understanding for you, no dark writings deep into the lone recesses of Bill's soul. One might very well say that the morning stagnates thoughts upon the intangible and it's just another reason why mornings are USELESS. Oh, don't get me wrong, mornings are great for task management so that one can run errands. Mornings would also be great for lifting weights and running on treadmills- sidebar: I don't know the expenses involved in setting it up, but if I owned a gym, I think I would hook all the cardio equipment to a generator so that I could benefit from the excess electricity and perhaps I could even sell electricity back to the power company.

It seems to be time for TigerLan meeting. Perhaps I shall come back to this blog and be inspired.

I'm inspired– inspired enough to know my perception of the morning is right on. Our TigerLan team meeting seemingly enough came to a conclusion though I can't really say anything was accomplished and it seems as though several of the members were like myself and not quite in rhythm with the day. All in all, it seems as though meetings are really just information-sharing venues. My guess is that it is due to the scheduled nature of them as opposed to say, a basketball coach calling a timeout to get his group back together when the other team is beginning to roll over them. But people are quite the social animals so meetings may very well serve the purpose of fulfilling that need of group contact and though many complain about the time that non-goal-striving meetings take up, there's not a lot of action taken to end them. Currently at our organization, those in the echelons of management push down upon us that we must have scheduled meetings. My guess is that they have been in the industry for a long time and generally feel comfortable because of their status. They are less involved (and frankly not involved) with the hands-on problem solving that the organization endures, only stuck with the theoretical constructs of problem solving on a divisional level. A predisposition in enjoying their own voices talk develops and they draw a certain amount of utility from it, so naturally they push the idea down the org chart, because hey, they like it. Yet, we're not in the position to have our buhhaha's. I suppose I am needlessly ranting. But I do give a high definition of what it means to be stamped with the label of IT. But I guess I'm just a redundant cog in the machine where nothing is hindered unless the series of cogwheels and their backups fail.

Mind if I rant further? I abhor those who do not take ownership of their own issues who are in the position to resolve those issues, but due to their own substandard work ethics, leave it on others to do the work, even to the point of blaming/hassling others for not doing it for them (I really shouldn't receive calls when I'm in the middle of a tirade in a blog). It especially irks me when their title is technically superior to my own (they get paid more than I do and that's all I need to know). I'm like, you're the LSP II, you should take responsibility. But I digress.

I think I'm going to take an early lunch so I can go home and relax. I sure don't want to spend the next forty years of my life in Corporate America. There's gotta be another way.