---
title: "1967"
categories:
- Recovered-2003
---

Yesterday, I endured a long day going through HR paperwork at U of M. For someone who has only been to the dentist three times in his life, with two involving wisdom teeth extraction, one can very well imagine that I never needed a primary care physician. If something was broke on me, I'd go to a Baptist Minor Medical Center to fix it. Simple enough, much like a car, which causes one to wonder why car insurance does not work in that capacity as opposed to it being "wreck insurance".

Yes, I'm 24 and yes, I'm planning for the time when I'm 60. 2039. Goodness. The thought is unimaginable. Shouldn't we have colonies on moon and Mars by then? Of course, with the space race of the sixties, no doubt people believed moonwalks would be common place in the year 2000. Yet, 2039 is only a mere 36 years away. "You jest!" you may exclaim. 1967. Yes, 1967 was a mere 36 years ago. In that year, the Turtles' "Happy Together" and the Beatles' "Penny Lane" were on the top of the charts. So, I'm investing $200 a month along with my employer's 10% of my salary for a time which won't be a whole lot different from today. Oh, I'll be old and I'll like music that is 70+ years old which in relation to today would be music from the Great Depression.

I see no reason to leave the University of Memphis because of the great opportunities it offers and I figure in thirty-six years I can pick up all kinds of degrees assuming that I will continue to have the fire within me for education, though I would imagine family duties may persuade me to go home after work instead of class. For now, it's a tremendous opportunity for free tuition. I've already mapped out that I can get a B.A. in Psychology by Spring or Summer 2005 with the PT hours that I'm allotted. I'd like to pick up degrees in History, English, and an MBA some day