---
title: "An Island"
categories:
- Recovered-2003
---

Blog number 51. I don't have the drama to share similar to the feature of my last writing. It's a bit of a quiet evening, with a hue of romance in the air. My apartment has a soft, warm lighting and I've been listening to soft tunes, including various songs off of the "Wedding Singer" soundtrack. One of the great attributes of music is ability is how personal it can be. On various road trips to West Virginia, I would kick things off while I accelerated on the onramp to I-40 by listening to both of the albums as I traversed across to Tennessee toward Kentucky's border. Granted, I would listen to other music as I drew within the last 150 miles to my destination in West Virgina, and on one occasion I distinctly remember Elvis.

There's been a lot of thoughts on my mind of late. I suppose I should lay these thoughts down and never pick them up again. Why do I turn back to these images of long ago? I seemingly just can't let go. Am I vague in tonight's writing? I think the reader will find a reflection into his/her own existence in how these words apply.

What can we do when we reach out to grasp only to find our fingers flail for but an illusion?

Upon other matters, I had the opportunity to watch for the fourth time Tom Hank's "Castaway" last night. I find the film to have rich parallels to my own life, and though a simple movie, it has a certain depth that most movies never reach. There's something about a movie that does not overload the viewer with dialogue rubbish. In contrast to my Friday's time with the night visitor, Sunday night proved to be relaxing as I watched "Castaway" playing on my laptop, immersed in a bubble bath with the room shrouded in darkness. It was a quiet pleasure, something in which I enjoy, and very well may distinguish me from the masses.

There are times in which I have this deep desire to break away from the conventional confines of life: the salaried position, the structure, the bills, and lead an existence with no boundaries. But how can I find such a life? Its a matter of economics: needs/wants cost money and the more prominent ways in which these are met are found through a structure lifestyle. How I would love to be free as the wind, limitless in time and space. ("The Dynamic Flight")

Bills must be paid, therefore I go to work. A work either around higher education or corporate America. Simple. Yet, this simplicity will rule my life for the next forty years. There must be another way.