---
title: "The Cycle"
categories:
- The-22nd-Expedition
---


Since I have naturally found myself becoming satiated with less meat, I KNOW that I'm going to be stoked with this Thursday's weigh-in—I know it'll be better than last time's +1 gain!  I mean, C'MON, talk about not having your head in the game!  Sure, my body plateaued for 3 months (*and for valid reasons*), but mentally, I cannot shake off a *gain* so easily!  The 22nd Expedition has been about fixing what has been wrong, which is really going back to how I find success and (*not so surprising*) it's about awareness.  Am I'm eating because I'm supposed to be / scheduled for eating?  Today, I go out of my way to ensure that I don't need to checkmark the "have I finished my plate" metric.



As I'm working on my fourth year of (*somewhat*) sustained dieting (*again, reference the Fit page graph*), I'm implementing something I haven't done before: I'm cycling high fat days with low ones.  The thing is, I want to ensure to keep my body out-of-sync with the changes.  And while this isn't fasting, I know from my past 4+26 day water fast that this biomechanical automaton is REALLY good at working the metabolic levers—thank you, my bigger brained Neanderthal fathers!



But, this cycle isn't fasting the way I define it.  And while I think it correlates to calories, I find calories are invalid.  Life is all about the macro!  Thus, this approach cycles fat intake while maintaining protein levels.  At least that what I'm going to go with for the remainder of 2021 as I gun for that fabled 163 lb mark—BTW, can I sit back for a moment and think how it wasn't that long ago I was in my 330's with no realistic path to reach that mark?  Ah NO, I **cannot**—"we're on to Cincinnati."



A core piece of my success is the implementation of a protein sparing wonder bread that has grapevined to the simplicity below.  I don't know if it's genesis is on [Emmerich's site](https://mariamindbodyhealth.com/protein-sparing-wonder-bread/), but I first heard about it from her [on a Kelly Hogan video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6531qW-HaR0). 



Basically, it's something that gives off the appearance, texture and flavor of...Wonder bread, not that it's particularly telling since Hostess sold off that brand years ago, making it cease to exist—at least from my childhood anyway!



**The recipe:**



A. One cup of liquid egg whites<br>B. Quarter teaspoon of cream of tartar<br>C. Quarter teaspoon of salt<br>D. Half cup of egg white powder (I use Judee's Dried Egg Whites)


1. Mix the **A**) egg whites, **B**) cream of tartar and **C**) salt until the compound sticks to an upside down bowl.
2. Gently mix in **D**) egg white powder.
3. Bake for 375 for 15 minutes. Turn oven off for another 15 minutes.
4. Let cool.



On my low fat days, I figure I'll eat some of this and drink coffee.  On my fat days, I'll do the meat thing and return Kerrygold to my coffee. In essence my body cycles between being powered on fat stores to being fueled by dietary fat.  



1. Click-click.  2. Boom.  3. ???  4. Profit!!!
