---
title: "S1E01- 43"
categories:
- The-22nd-Expedition
---


A strong motivator for me to bring my old content into this new reboot of my site is that I just didn't want to write up the first episode of season 1!  You know: introducing the characters, outlining the theme, scaffolding  the plot—that sort of thing. Instead, I want to charge into the story in progress!.



Honestly, I've never liked introductory episodes—life isn't like that.  We either catch on with what's happening around us or just fake it until we make it to somebody's flashback.



And again, this would be a LOT easier just to import an XML file and be done with it, but I want to do something anew with this site...while this site ultimately is a function of becoming...better.  I know, I know, that's not the sort of thing that will drive revenue for Googe's AdSense—WAIT, what's that?  I don't have THAT on my site?  I don't have ANY monetization? That can't be right—check again...aw man!



No, Google's AdSense could not be applied to this site for the very same reason why I am typing this up in the Brave Browser:  yes baby, this boy is off Google!  I blew it away this very evening!  I gotta admit: this feels LIBERATING.  I'm no longer jamming to Rockwell's *Somebody's Watching Me*!  It's surreal to open my email client and realize that it hasn't been pre-read by Google in order to manipulate my behavior.  That said, I'm NOT gonna spend my days running in terror from the Mountain View Behemoth.  It's just the end of my active involvement.  I don't think the domo arigato misuta Roboto font is going away anytime soon.  
