---
title: "Ding Level 43"
categories:
- The-22nd-Expedition
---


After much wrastlin' with Derry's Elder Gnomes of the Grey Springs, I have leveled up and have returned to my vista on the ARPANET. I am NOT bringing along my old content—not a single bracket from my past CSS is being carried over!



While I made a push to have SOMETHING in place for this site as it relates to both message and design, it is the wild rustling of leaves of a brainstorm.



Yes, I will continue with my fitness angle of 2018-to-present, but I also want to adopt more of a geek abstraction toward application—something more like me...an authenticity that is a rare element in today's photo filter social dimensions.  I'd be interested in turning this place into a toolbox—that's the chief function of this site, how it aids to achieving the core.  Down the road, I could very well whip this together on a Jekyll install on Github—I do love my markdown—but then there are design questions that must be addressed immediately AND I so very want to have *something* running!  And I never want to discount the value of having my own space on the net rather than not paying for it and finding myself as the product of yet another Silicon Valley startup.



I've reached that point again of reflection where I consider the roles technologies play in our lives. For example in reeling everything back into my sandbox, I've abandoned my dual wielding approach with password managers and have promoted Bitwarden for my starter.  Accordingly, I've either deleted or abandoned 45 logins to websites with a still too big 39 remaining.   Website accounts are like flora overtaking a post-apocalyptic dystopian biosphere of a cranium. 



Content and creativity are coming...
