---
title: "New Year's Eve 2020"
categories:
- The-17th-Expedition
---

## Year-End Summary
Well, I've reached it: New Year's Eve, the night I referenced in The ["First" Post](/the-first-post/) back on June 1. And once June 18th came around, [I began keto](/the-13th-expedition-part-deus-ex-machina/) and pretty much stayed on it when I wasn't flirting with a semi-starvation approach with the only exception being [that ONE Sonic mixup of the LOADED WITH SUGAR sugar-free bomb](/the-house-that-jack-built/)!  

Later, on November 23 the BIGGEST thing from 2020 for me came online: [I became carnivore](/mr-brightside/) while also abandoning all those sugar-free crutches!  I went from hitting a wall for 3 weeks to instant weightloss, all thanks to [Kelly Hogan's YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaKl8Lth6h6GWreFyeO1keA).  While I won't know exactly where I am on the scale until January 14th's weigh-in, I am confidant The 17th Expedition will crush the prior three Expeditions because of this pivotal move.  Who knows, perhaps it'll [beat out June-July's The 13th Expedition](/fit/#all-results)?  At any rate, since June 18, I've lost somewhere around 70 lbs / 31 KG. 

I've put myself in a good position for a strong showing in 2021.  Usually this time of year is all about playing catchup; I'm already in rhythm.

## Site News

Yes, I'm back on GitHub.  While I like the extended functionality of Wordpress, my website was under attack from Ukraine for 3 minutes this morning (263 methods) as I was finishing up my workout.  I don't mind the bots from Singapore, Prague, Russia, and France that stop by briefly to let me know they're malicious—I wave back—but Ukraine has GOT to SIMMA DOWN! 

It's *really* hard to feel secure with Wordpress. As it is, I didn't trust my installation for I was running two abandoned plugins.  AND since I already had my setup on GitHub ready to roll, after a few DNS changes, it was a seamless transition.

And honestly, for a site like this, I really don't need dynamic capability.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/3dNaicN7qcyCGNAa95lTeJ" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
