---
title: "Let Go"
categories:
- The-17th-Expedition
---
Will today be the first of the many days ahead?

I signed up for a Facebook account as I gear up to send friend requests to everyone tomorrow on New Year's Eve. I'm actually a little nervous...I guess it comes off like that first day of high school and finding some place to sit in the cafeteria—what a ridiculous thing looking back, especially when later in college, I was happy to sit by myself or when at 18, I had plenty of bravado to invite myself at a stranger's table.

Nevertheless, I do feel nervous because I want so much out of it. Oh, I'm not interested in it for its typical use as a place for people to emotionally vomit rhetoric. That's always disdainful. However, vomiting does make people feel better, even if the receivers are now covered in yesterday's filth!

No, I really hope that social media for 2021 will be a place of restoration and fitness—for me anyway. I mean, sure, I'd LOVE for that to be for everyone else, too, but that would be like to wish for world peace! But, I hope to influence those around me, that we would be on the same wavelength and aid one another so that 2021 becomes the best year of our lives!

Am I overreaching? I don't think so. Used tactically, social media can be used as a supplemental resource. But, you gotta retain your own voice and not just flow in the lowest common denominator sea.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/13WAhlE02ew" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>